all right I've been reading the forums
about setting up the new or my my new
manual CCTs on the hawk so here I am
with mine I've already taken off air
filter air box valve cover tank and
getting ready to just show you kind of
where everything should be it according
to the form so figure out those in the
little video alright so got the two
cover bolts off there's the crankshaft
bolt and there's your marking cover
I used a 17 millimeter socket on this
long handle wrench here to turn the
crankshaft counterclockwise as you know
most of the form they're saying that it
goes around several times before you hit
top dead center on compression stroke
with the lobes off of the valves there
at the top so turn that guy and if I can
get this to focus there we go
you might be able to CRTC it there if
you line it up eyeball straight almost
you're with the video and kind of tell
it's right dead center so let's go up
look at the vowel and there the lobes
sticking straight up let's go around the
other side and here's what it should
look like our eye I'm assuming that's
for intake and if you kind of line it up
it's about dead even and our ease down
there about dead even to so that's what
she look okay so I just did the front
and when I did it I heard a click
the infamous click of doom as they call
it so what I did was that basically told
me that while I was definitely on the
top dead center I was on the exhaust
stroke and not the compression stroke so
pull the valve cover off and when that
happens this cam is not under pressure
and that well not as much as the top one
but the top one is definitely under
pressure and you can't move it really
well by hand or even by using some sort
of screwdriver or whatever so what I did
was I was only a few teeth off so I went
ahead and put the CCT in tightened it up
of course took off the zip tie and
rotated until I was at top dead center
on the compression stroke at that point
the top cam is easy to move and you can
inch warm it back
I used a just our big Phillips just to
put in the holes on the cam just kind of
move it while I moved the chain and once
I did that I was able to line up the
teeth again I'm going to go ahead and
run it through it's um rotate the engine
again by the crank just to verify
everything's good and we're all lined up
still once I reach top dead center a
couple more times and button it up
alright hope that helps